[DOCS] Minor fixes (#696)
h2oai/h2o-llmstudio: documentation/docs/guide/experiments/export-trained-model.md

---

> description: If you are ready to share your trained model with a broader community, H2O LLM Studio allows you to export the fine-tuned model to HuggingFace with a single click.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: If you are ready to share your trained model with a broader community, H2O LLM Studio allows you to export the fine-tuned model to Hugging Face Hub with a single click.
```

Hugging Face is the correct name of the company. We can clarify that it goes to the Hugging Face Hub.
